maintainers-guide: describe how to handle CODEOWNERS (#13839)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/maintainers-guide.md

  (2) have the **review comments addressed**,
  (3) get **approved reviews by two maintainers** (the second maintainer can merge immediately after approving).

- It is suggested to wait for a few hours before merging a PR with new additions to English pages. This is to allow other maintainers to review the changes and provide feedback.

- If a PR is non-English and there are automatic reviewers added via [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS), the PR at least needs one approval from one of the CODEOWNERS.
	- If a PR fails to get a review from one of the CODEOWNERS after a few days, the first maintainer should ping the CODEOWNERS for review.

> 	- If it still lingers around for **over 10 days upto 2 weeks without a approval from one of the CODEOWNERS**, the PR can be merged if it has two approvals.

Reviewer: What's the point of the upper limit?

```suggestion
	- If it still lingers around for **over 10 days without an approval from one of the CODEOWNERS**, the PR can be merged if it has two approvals.
```

  (2) have the **review comments addressed**,
  (3) get **approved reviews by two maintainers** (the second maintainer can merge immediately after approving).

- It is suggested to wait for a few hours before merging a PR with new additions to English pages. This is to allow other maintainers to review the changes and provide feedback.

> - If a PR is non-English and there are automatic reviewers added via [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS), the PR at least needs one approval from one of the CODEOWNERS.
>   If a PR fails to get a review from one of the CODEOWNERS after a few days, the first maintainer should ping the CODEOWNERS for review.
>   If it still lingers around for **over 10 days upto 2 weeks without a approval from one of the CODEOWNERS**,
>   the PR can be merged if it has two approvals.
>   If it only has one approval, please read the next point.

Reviewer 2: Consider making this sub-bullet points?
```suggestion
- If a PR is non-English and there are automatic reviewers added via [CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS), the PR at least needs one approval from one of the CODEOWNERS.
	- If a PR fails to get a review from one of the CODEOWNERS after a few days, the first maintainer should ping the CODEOWNERS for review.
	- If it still lingers around for **over 10 days upto 2 weeks without a approval from one of the CODEOWNERS**, the PR can be merged if it has two approvals.
	- If it only has one approval, please read the next point.
```
